hey there Comic Con fans I'm Peter
Serafinowicz hi I'm Griffin Newman and
welcome to this exclusive
behind-the-scenes tour of the tick let's
take a look at costumes right oh my god
this was the pilot oh hey white jelly we
have to this is my new one which is
vastly improved it's got muscles in it
and it's very heavy it's not a negligee
guys welcome to Arthur's apartment this
is where the magic happens
it's quite cool out here because I was
thinking ah it a nice bit of breeze and
sunlight and it says cool fake and we
still haven't fixed this hole yeah
we could go to danger boat this is
probably the most impressive set quite a
claustrophobic set somehow we always
manage to have fun in here because the
daily routines are always good I mean
because they usually work off of that
tension of us all being packed in with
each other so we have one last location
to show you long you just follow us here
this is the offices of the aegis
commander Tyrannosaurus Rathbone who is
a major new character I haven't really
noticed all this this is pretty great a
big sort of theme across the season is
you know superheroes hadn't existed in
the city for a very long time and tick
and Arthur is sort of relaunching a wave
so a lot of old superheroes are coming
out of the woodwork starting it up again
and tick is very excited by that
what Comic Con fans I hope you've
enjoyed this this tour and enjoyed this
a sluicey first look yes don't say screw
see okay
you